config: rework credentials to support priv sync (#8968)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8861-config-privilege-sync.md

## feature/config

> * Improved credentials applier, now it supports a two-way synchronisation
>   of roles and privileges for both users and roles (gh-8861).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the credentials applier: it now supports two-way synchronization
  of roles and privileges for both users and roles (gh-8861).
```

Author: Done.
